They love and welcome to
a new video I have in this
video for you the pink box and the
wonder box and now it starts with the
unpacking
As many have already stated, welcome
I'll give you a new one today
perspective
I look forward to your feedback on
you feel that way, you write down
every case if your difference blows and
is thus wanting to say is
the sore box of cosmetics cosmo and
this from the last month I had
so far no time yet
unpack and film
That's why I still have it here
the video and yes that one
blackbox and I have only a few
tips technology very very cool
in a kennel it is so
Certain tmg already you will though
surprised but he is about what it is
So we can act
different boxes ordered all
information about the miracle box and also
to blackbox I write you in the
infobox
and of course the links and so on
Now, let's see somebody
something to me
the first opposite field is a brush
of qq cells with their brand cosmetics
and that would have thought call island
Do you have three different ones?
Call me and I have one with this one
because that also stands for kohli me
Graf the bonus that I yes the logo that
is a duo plast and harbor mirror
it is once a cola bottle and
once a war place yes I will
then always again closer here
animal the whole then topped up now
Continue with a diameter of seven
or not at all he looks like that and that
are two leaves once such a
beautiful music has a slight shimmer
and own brands friendly tone of the
it is very nice to contour and that
last product is from the beauty uk einbeck
place and because that's how it is
highest form a bottle with
12 beautiful now that is actually
first highlight and shimmers completely
beautiful tender pink and I think so too
wertwert schön that was now also the
Products from the round box of the last
month really the place i need
I'm not sure if they are still too
but I try and set
you go on it goes on with the
wind box the pink box came every month
with a magazine and that was this
Just the jury and I'm looking forward to it
I'm one or the other right away
inspiration for my further militia in
the box itself when we first get here
a product-counter from away as
she proud
the sigrid cold bath strips 440 like this
Looks like that and yes I've got it before
tries with lime wax writes and
ask me what I found that the
quite a mess and afterwards was like that
Friedrich I had nothing with me
video I deal with it
I train a lot and also train
on the Achilles and not because she is preparing
but maybe I'll try that out
and then you do not know that
Find
thanks people with the biggest product
the severity of the package agreed
namely has a cream body scrub of
msi minute gives anti age
that I do not smell very good pleasant
so intrusive but it is really a
consequently , that will be on everyone's mind
case in our wg train to places
general consumption because otherwise have
I think I'm really five years off
the addresses of this product then it works
continue with a product comes and that
is that an Indian either has deep
relaxed with lotus pilot lucas me and
almond oil is what the product looks like then
I'll unpack it for you
I really remember that very well
me to the football people palmolive milk
this song granite means believe that
aromatherapy in songs of release as
you end up in the book style break very much
I like and now I have one here
a bathing duck is also announced
like it
although these paths have just gone
because summer I continue with
slumps of namely a
antiperspirant race control and i like
This typical video smell is not typical
I hope that I am not so god
thanks is smelling is not so pleasant
not my favorite but I think completely
nice for the handbag and the last one
Product is from clearasil take control
example clearasil that's how it feels
starts just so image at
In the old days so the stubborn pimple
or antique very much whatever
high and very aggressive
I have the feeling that you are one of them
a little bit with want so believes
Advertising because you look right now
just fine, and that's a product
Lemon limes are also present
I can not do it here now, unfortunately
smell more because I'm not on
I will definitely test and
maybe it ends up in my brother
and that was all with the pink box now
in all I found the ok so products
are good there is no was of that
I think I can not use it
Unfortunately, no decorative cosmetics
so you can always entice me with the
that 's it with my video I link
you guys down here again last
unboxing the dropbox with me hobbes and
I will link them again and again
yesterday that he just got the power or
Soap can be daily with a new one
video counted
and I always wanted to say that
live here